h2(heading-1#HJavaEEdeveloper). <span>Java EE developer</span>

h3(heading-1-1#HRequirements3A). <span>Requirements:</span>


# Technical English - fluent technical documentation reading and documenting source code.
# Linux as an user.
# Common OOP knowledge, patterns, code metrics. UML (reading) - advantage.
# Experience with java development tools - ant, maven, junit, svn, IDE, debug, profiling, app servers - deployment
# Not less than 3 years of permanent practical Server side java experience,
including:
#* SQL, databases, ORM - JPA or Hibernate
#* HTTP (including common headers, cookies, authorization, SSL), HTML, AJAX - advantage
#* JavaEE including, JSP, JSTL, custom taglibs, JSF - advantage.
#* Spring framework, Spring security - advantage.
# Fluent knowledge of Java SE, including: Exceptions, Java Beans, Generics, Annotations, Threads, synchronization, collections, resources, JDBC, Io, Nio, XML, Networking, Security, Reflection. Certification would be a bonus.
# Freelancing experience would be a bonus.


h2(heading-1#HJuniorJavaEEdeveloper). <span>Junior Java EE developer</span>

h3(heading-1-1#HRequirements3A-1). <span>Requirements:</span>

# Desire to become a Java professional.
# Technical English - fluent documentation reading.
# General knowledge in OOP, design patterns.
# Fluent knowledge of Java SE within the scope of <span class="wikiexternallink"><a href="http://java.sun.com/docs/books/tutorial/">Sun's Java tutorial</a></span>

h2(heading-1#HQAEngineer). <span>QA Engineer</span>

h3(heading-1-1#HRequirements3A-2). <span>Requirements:</span>

# At least 1-2 years experience of QA engineer
# Technical English - fluent documentation reading
# Deep knowledge of QA process
# Understanding of software development process, methodologies, quality metrics
# Experience in web applications testing including security testing
# Experience in mobile applications testing
# Writing of test plans, test cases, reporting documents
# Experience in automated/load testing
# Fluent use of tools: bug and task trackers, virtual machines, test automation tools, load testing tools, source code control
# Understanding of HTML, CSS, scripting is desirable